Document the possibility of extra dandihub images in the user docs (#127)
dandi/handbook: docs/50_hub.md

Training large deep neural networks is not appropriate.
A "Base (MATLAB)" server is also available, which provides a MATLAB cloud installation but you would be required to provide your own license.

## Custom server image

> If you need additional software installed in the image, you can add a server image option by making
> a Pull Request to the [jupyterhub config file](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub/blob/do-eks/helm/jupyterhub/dandihub.yaml) as explained in
> the [Dandihub readme](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub/tree/do-eks?tab=readme-ov-file#adjusting-available-server-options)

Reviewer: Thanks @asmacdo.  Please see my minor rephrasing suggestion below.

```suggestion
If you need additional software installed in the image, you can add a server image that will be made available for all users in the `Server Options` menu.  Add a server image by updating the `profileList` in the [JupyterHub config file](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub/blob/do-eks/helm/jupyterhub/dandihub.yaml) and submitting a pull request to the [dandi-hub repository](https://github.com/dandi/dandi-hub).  Once the pull request is merged, the DANDI team will redeploy JupyterHub and the image will be available.
```
